# CS-255-Analysis-and-Design

In this project DriverPass wanted to create a system to help student drivers in passing the DMV driving test. He found that many people were failing there driving test so he wants to create a web-based system to provide lessons and in person driving session for student drivers. The system will provide online courses and feedback from driving instructors. The main part of the project that I did excedingly well was the bussiness requirments document. I was able to put together the functional and non fucntional requirments and recommend good suggestions in building this system to align with DriverPass needs. After reviewing feedback the main part I think I would need to revise is the UML Use case diagram in project two. I think in improving the diagram I is to revise some process and verfiy the use cases and add a couple of actors to the use case they would use. In example adding a line to show that the admin/owner can also send and help rest password for users. Implementing the user needs into the design through the provided documents in example showing the use cases that in the DriverPass interview has pointed out representing the package offers and in the Class diagram showing that process as a seperate class to be bulit. When building the requirment document I also added to functional requirments based on what the owner has pointed out that is a must for his system. In designing a system the first thing I would want is a detail interview of the project at hand so to collect all requirments in the begining to start work on documents that can be refered to throughout the systems build. I would incorporate the UML diagrams and would want a follow up interview to make sure the system is inline with the client. I think this will keep the client in the loop and be able to adapt to any changes that need to be made early on.
